RAPIDS Wheels Missing from pypi.nvidia.com (#627)
rapidsai/docs: _notices/rsn0049.md

---
layout: notice
parent: RAPIDS Support Notices
grand_parent: RAPIDS Notices
nav_exclude: true
notice_type: rsn
# Update meta-data for notice
notice_id: 49 # should match notice number
notice_pin: true # set to true to pin to notice page
title: "Important Installation Notice : RAPIDS Wheels are missing from pypi.nvidia.com"
notice_author: RAPIDS Ops
notice_status: "In Progress"
notice_status_color: yellow
# 'notice_status' and 'notice_status_color' combinations:
#   "Proposal" - "blue"
#   "Completed" - "green"
#   "Review" - "purple"
#   "In Progress" - "yellow"
#   "Closed" - "red"
notice_topic: Platform Support Change
notice_rapids_version: "All RAPIDS Versions"
notice_created: 2025-06-27
# 'notice_updated' should match 'notice_created' until an update is made
notice_updated: 2025-06-27
---

## Overview

> RAPIDS is aware pypi.nvidia.com is down and users are unable to insall PIP wheels via `pip install`, and working to get it back up ASAP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NVIDIA's pip repo (pypi.nvidia.com) is down, impacting the ability for users to install RAPIDS via pip. The team is working to resolve this as quickly as possible.
```

## Impact

> Users will not be unable to download RAPIDS wheels via `pip install`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users will not be unable to download RAPIDS wheels for stable releases via `pip install`. Nightly releases, and other release channels (conda, docker) are not impacted.
```
